one of the important topics of the two sessions will be the
promotion of Chinese modernization
Today we are starting a series of reports
on this topic, how a country with such a
huge population to achieve
its goals and
my colleagues were looking for an answer to this question, the
PRC chairman stressed the importance of
correctly understanding and vigorously
promoting Chinese modernization
with a speech at the opening of the
Study Session at the Sports School of the CPC Central Committee
According to him, the concept of Chinese
modernization is based on long and
painstaking research, it should be
expanded.
strength standing for
Chinese modernization The country's
development economy is the CCP's top priority
in managing and reviving China's
second-largest economy in the world Its
GDP grew to
$8.53 trillion in 2012.  of more
than $18 trillion in 2022 GDP per
capita exceeded the global average
rising $6,300
more than $12,500
accounted for 18.5 percent of the global
economy from 2017 to 2022 China
remained the world's largest trading country accounting for
nearly 30 percent  US global
production
[music]
in 2020 due to the pandemic China was
the only one to record
positive growth with a 2.3% increase in GDP
in 2021 China's GDP grew by 8.1
percent leading the world
innovation is the main
driver of global development
World Intellectual Property Organization's innovation index
shows that China
has risen 23 positions in the past 11 years 34 places in
2012 on
11.2022
laid a solid foundation for the eradication of the
absolute network Over the past decade,
about 100 million Chinese have escaped
from at least more than 9.6 million poor
people have moved  in New Homes over 5
million  were relocated to urban
areas and about 4.6 million rural areas,
all 832 poor counties were excluded from
the list of the poor, considering that the target for
2030 was achieved 10 years ahead of schedule
and the quality of economic development
is conducive to China's modernization process,
which opens up new opportunities for
the future
big event in  the faces of a certain
percentage of the deputies of all Chinese
people's congresses are
traditionally ordinary people, among whom
there are cleaners couriers bus drivers
in the fourteenth convocation, there are even
more of them the heroine of our next story
Lumen qun sorts garbage and does it
with great responsibility how did she
manage to get such a significant
credit of trust let's  see the
sorting yard she is an employee of the
Beijing District Environmental Services Center cleans and
disinfects the woman's work day
begins with the arrival of garbage trucks they
deliver waste from all nearby
LCD schools, hospitals and commercial  districts, on
average, 15 tons per day And despite the
large load at the experimental line, my
colleagues always consider its
station the cleanest
name of an outstanding national labor
migrant.
I have been working here for more than twenty years.
this is a good job for me
I feel happy and I
also urge my family to join
thanks to Lumenxun's cheerful and sympathetic
nature Colleagues and residents of the
area really fell in love with her Once I
found out that a certain woman in one of the
neighboring houses could barely make ends
meet I need to support two children
also  husband lost his job so Lumen Xun
not only gave her rice and oil from her
own home but also got her husband a job at a
garbage station, he did a great
job and the family's living conditions
improved
when meeting people who need
water or masks, I always help during an
epidemic in addition to
I was also a volunteer in my main job I am happy and
calmly when I see that everything in the area is
clean and tidy and people live in peace,
work kindness and active
citizenship of Lumen tyun have been recognized
and this year she became a deputy of the entire
Chinese People's Congress of the
14th convocation in this capacity
she has already participated in a number of meetings
heard  reports of officials and held
conversations with voters in order to collect their
ideas and proposals during the upcoming
session in the Council of People's Congress Lumenxun will take part in
discussions with other deputies And will
voice his own initiatives
I was so called the new one to tears and
returned to my eyes when I found out that I was
elected as a deputy this is a Collective  It is an honor
for all sanitation workers
to be a deputy elected from among
rural migrant workers she
knows very well the aspirations and concerns of this group of the
population she hopes that in her
future work she will be able to fully
represent their interests indicate
requirements and help solve their problems
very kind person everyone was very happy
when you found out that she was corrected in tepudates,
we punish you with her
deputies elected from ordinary workers
such as Ming Chun better understand
working people and know the difficulties that we
face in our work
I am a rural migrant worker who
once came to Beijing so that my parents and
children  could live better I understand the
difficulties of people in our group I often
communicate with them and pay attention to the
current situation I will help them
solve problems if I can And if not we
will work together to find
a solution
in each convocation in the SNP there are always
deputies from among ordinary workers such
as Lumenxun is couriers
bus drivers ordinary employees of the company in the
thirteenth convocation, representatives of this
kind of profession was 468 or 15.7% of the
total, and in the fourteenth, the proportion of
working farmers, technical
specialists and other labor people became
even more than
[music]
What are the expectations of politicians and experts
around the world about the two sessions in China
shared their views on this topic
Deputy Chairman of the Economic Policy Committee of the
State Duma of the Russian
Federation
Mikhail Delyagin
China offers titanic efforts to
continue the progressive development of
its economy and the comprehensive progress of
its society
in the twenty-second year, this
causes a lot of respect China is a
country that provides its
population Insane progress
and let's say high-speed highways the
largest network in the world and, as it were, more than
half of the world's high-speed highways
strategic The task is to enable
people to teach people to
fully use these
opportunities the
task  the meaning of qualitative growth and
then the person
will begin to change,
and this is social engineering, this is the transition
from conventional engineering
to engineering  social energy, this is the task
that China now faces, for
me, interesting measures that will be
aimed at stimulating technological
progress, our society is transforming
We are moving from the world of exchanges to the world of
social platforms and Social
platforms are needed to train
national artificial intelligence
China is one of two countries together with the United States
where  - there definitely is. I really hope
to see new measures to ensure the
safety of
ocean shipping, because the
logistical crisis that we
are seeing in the world will be supplemented, maybe
not this year it will be supplemented by
acts of piracy by the
American fleet, and here the task of
preserving maritime communications for
China is critical  important
[music]
China is betting on regional
cooperation in the country's landlocked southwest
major cities are working together to
accelerate the development of the local economy in the
next program of the New Path series, we
explore how China is striving to
modernization through cooperation in the regions, the
correspondent visited the economic area
from voice control to
green energy engines and even
hydrogen, this car has all the
characteristics to show how
China's industry is growing in
competition with European Japanese and
American automakers in
Chongqing is the future of the Chinese
auto industry most of  components for
cars come from factories in the
chongdu johnsen economic ring two
cities are currently
drivers of regional development
thanks to this strategy, the southwest of
China has become a good production
base with a consumer market of 100 million
people
70% of our supplies from chongqing and
sichuan province e.g.
system
high voltage connection system and
chassis system are produced by chindu and neighboring
city and bin in the future we will continue to
work without helping to create a complete
supply barrel for the automotive industry In
economy  The
production is also getting smarter in the chemdu chongqing ring
thanks to the technologies of the plant immediately
receive information about the receipt of an order
from anywhere in the PRC, even from the southern
Chinese province of guangdong.
economic
circles as a powerful center for
the development of scientific and technological innovation the
creation of the economic circle of chindu
chongqing has a real historical
background in both cities a very
good production base for the whole
southwest and northwest of China
and education
Despite the challenges in logistics
faced by the southwestern
regions of China, now every tenth
car manufactured in China rolls off the
assembly line In the economic ring, the
local auto industry has every chance of doubling
its  th current volume and exceed 1
trillion yuan, which is about 144
billion US dollars, according to the plan by
2035, the economic circle will turn into a
vibrant growth pole and a powerful
development driver with international
influence
[music]